refactor: Move GCP Config logic from service-account module (#9)
lacework/terraform-gcp-config: README.md

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/lacework/terraform-gcp-config.svg)](https://github.com/lacework/terraform-gcp-config/releases/)
[![CircleCI status](https://circleci.com/gh/lacework/terraform-gcp-config.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/lacework/terraform-gcp-config)

Terraform module for integrating Google Cloud Platform Organizations and Projects with Lacework for cloud resource configuration assessment.

> _**Note:** When `use_existing_service_account` is set to true, the required roles must be added manually. Depending on the integration type this may be at Project or Organization level._

Reviewer: I am hesitant to change the behavior of all the GCP modules (Config, Audit Log, and GCR),
if we are expecting the users to provide the service account and add the roles manually,
what is the sense of adding this option? If we need to go this route, let us just deprecate it
and have the user use the native Terraform resources for Lacework.

My $0.02 👆🏽

compute.googleapis.com
logging.googleapis.com
bigquery.googleapis.com
sqladmin.googleapis.com
container.googleapis.com
serviceusage.googleapis.com
cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com
storage-component.googleapis.com
```

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|----------|
|org_integration|If set to true, configure an organization level integration|bool|false|false|
|organization_id|The organization ID, required if org_integration is set to true|string|""|false|
|project_id|A project ID different from the default defined inside the provider|string|""|false|
|use_existing_service_account|Set this to true to use an existing Service Account. When using an existing service account, the required roles must be added manually.|bool|false|false|
|service_account_name|The Service Account name (required when use_existing_service_account is set to true). This can also be used to specify the new service account name when use_existing_service_account is set to false|string|""|false|
|service_account_private_key|The private key in JSON format, base64 encoded (required when use_existing_service_account is set to true)|string|""|false|

> |lacework_integration_name|The integration name displayed in the Lacework UI.|string|TF GCR|false|

Reviewer: same
```suggestion
|lacework_integration_name|The integration name displayed in the Lacework UI.|string|TF config|false|
```

|required_config_apis|The APIs that should be enabled for this integration to be successful.|map|See the Required APIs section|false|

> |prefix|The prefix that will be use at the beginning of every generated resource|string|lw-gcr|false|

Reviewer: I think this was a copy/paste thing, you are here in GCP config 😉
```suggestion
|prefix|The prefix that will be used at the beginning of every generated resource|string|lw-cfg|false|
```
